[AV-68634] Capella Dev Tutorial - SDK Connection Docs (#321)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/tutorials/pages/java-tutorial/configure-cluster-connection.adoc

Reviewer: After you've made all the updates in this file, please can you combine this file into `install-couchbase-java-sdk.adoc`. This content should go at the start of the combined page. There is a reason for this! I'll explain when we've got all the pages in the tutorial merged into the feature branch.

Author: Done; moved the contents to `install-couchbase-java-sdk.adoc`. 
Deleted `configure-cluster-connection.adoc` as well.

= Configure the Cluster Connection 
:description: Learn how to obtain the connection string and set up the connection for the student cluster. 
:page-pagination: full
:page-topic-type: tutorial

[abstract]
{description}

== Cluster Connection

Before you can establish a connection to your cluster, you must obtain the connection string, add an allowed IP address, and configure the cluster access credentials.  

To configure the connection: 

. On the *Operational Clusters* page, select *student-cluster*.

. Go to menu:Connect[SDKs].

> . Note the *Public Connection String*. This is required to connect to the cluster.

Reviewer: Making this instruction more forceful to emphasize that they don't just notice the string; they're going to need it later.

```suggestion
. Make a note of the *Public Connection String*.
You will need this to connect to the cluster.
```

. Add an allowed IP address. 

> .. Go to the *Allowed IP Addresses* page using the link on the screen.

Reviewer: I have a thing about "on the screen", because where else is it going to be? Also I prefer action first, then result.

```suggestion
.. From menu:Connect[SDKs], click the *Allowed IP Addresses* link to go to the *Allowed IP Addresses* page.
```

.. Click btn:[Add Allowed IP].

.. On the *Add Allowed IP* page, select btn:[Add Current IP Address] to automatically populate your public IP address. 

.. Click btn:[Add Allowed IP].  
+
image::add-allowed-ip.png[alt="Add an allowed IP address"]

> +

Reviewer: I think the image should be attached to the previous step, because it shows the state of the page _before_ you click **Add Allowed IP**.

```suggestion
.. On the *Add Allowed IP* page, select btn:[Add Current IP Address] to automatically populate your public IP address. 
+
image::add-allowed-ip.png[alt="Add an allowed IP address"]

.. Click btn:[Add Allowed IP].  
+
```

. Create new cluster access credentials.

> .. From menu:Connect[SDKs], go to the *Cluster Access* page using the link on the screen.

Reviewer: "on the screen". Also action first, then result.

```suggestion
.. From menu:Connect[SDKs], click the *Cluster Access* link to go to the *Cluster Access* page.
```

.. Click btn:[Create Cluster Access].

.. Enter an access name (e.g. `administrator`).

> .. Enter a password (e.g. `Admin@123`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Enter an access name, for example `administrator`, and make a note of it for later.

.. Enter a password, for example `Admin@123`, and again make a note of it for later. 
```

.. Under *Bucket-Level Access*, select *student-bucket* and *art-school-scope*, and set the access to *Read/Write*. 

.. Click btn:[Create Cluster Access].
+

> image::create-cluster-credentials.png[alt="Create cluster access credentials"]

Reviewer: Again I think image should be attached to the previous step because it shows the state _before_ you click **Create Cluster Access**.

```suggestion
.. Under *Bucket-Level Access*, select *student-bucket* and *art-school-scope*, and set the access to *Read/Write*. 
+
image::create-cluster-credentials.png[alt="Create cluster access credentials"]

.. Click btn:[Create Cluster Access].
```
